---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Open Source

When I hear the term "open source" I think of software that is free to use, easily accessible, and customizable.
Open source projects might have an original creator, but can ultimately have multiple people working on it.

Advantages of Open Source:

  -Free

  -Customizable

  -Not owned by a specific company/person

Advantages of Closed Source:

  -Possibly a better product (due to it bgenerating revenue)
  
  -Dedicated team to work on it
  
Projects
  
  -Open Office - open source version of Microsoft Office.
  
   -allowed me to have similar capabilities without having to pay for a subscription. Alternatives include Google Drive.
  
  -Eclipse - IDE mainly used for java programming. 
      
   -I used it since most introductory courses use it. Intellij is an alternative.
  
  -Atom - Text editor
      
   -I used this for my first web design class, but switched over to a different editor due to it being extremely slow. 
       An alternative is Visual Studio Code, which is also open souce but the official download is under a proprietary license.
  
  -Sublime - Another text editor
      
   -This was the first text editor I used and got me into looking for various different text editors. 
       There are several alternatives (like Atom or Visual Studio Code)
       
Questions for Tom
  
  What are the advantages and disadvantages to an open-source business model? Do you think there is ever a need for projects to be closed source or do you think everything should be open source?
  
  Have you seen a noticable difference between the quality and reception of open-source projects vs. closed-source projects?
  
  What were some of the hurdles that you had to overcome and ultimately how did you overcome them?

