---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## Course Reflection

### What I Learned
I learned a lot about how open source projects flowed and the advantages and disadvantages to the purely from participating in working on one.
From my own experience I learned that open source projects require a sense of confidence which I don't know if I have right now. Many of 
the times contributors and the community are friendly but still the lack of confidence caused me to stall in my efforts. That being said, I 
definitely want to contribute to more open source projects. Not only can you learn a lot about various coding practices, but the constant 
exposure to something new and possibly interesting to you helps to make you a better developer.

As for technical things I learned, I definitely feel more comfortable with git and Github, and I learned how and why we need to make pull 
requests. 

### What I Wish I Had Learned
I definitely wish there was a way to learn more about debugging code, especially with larger codebases. And while this wasn't a fault of 
the class, I wish I had been stricter on myself.

### What I Would Remove from the Class
I honestly would probably remove the weekly blog posts in exchange for something a bit more beneficial from a developer standpoint. 

### What I Would Add to the Class
The only thing I can think of is maybe an open source workshop, where the class can contribute to an open source project and 
discuss in person.I think much of the class was great the way it was!
