---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


The difference between the bazaar model and the cathedral model is that the bazaar model is more of an open communication model.
A bazaar is a market place where goods are traded and sold, and people often must communicate to each other various prices for 
different items. This is similar to an open source idealogy for programming, in which developers and users will communicate
and discuss various ideas that may or may not work when developing. A cathedral is very traditional and often follows several guidelines
(despite each cathedral being different). This is an apt comparison to a more traditional way of programming, where developers followed
stricter guidelines that were given to them by a project manager. There wasn't much room for creativity of innovation.

Personally I would be more comfortable developing in a cathedral model, since it is simpler to reach the end goal of a project. I believe
the bazaar model has it's merits, but there are also many difficulties that come with that type of programming. At least with a cathedral 
model the fault lies with the project manager (unless the developer has bad practices). 

I really enjoyed several of the quotes in this essay so picking my "favorite" 2 was difficult.

# 10 If you treat your beta-testers as if they’re your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource.

This quote is definitely one that I liked a lot. Often times with video game development, users are given the chance to beta test games 
before their release. The developers who disregard the comments of the beta testers are missing out on valuble nuances that these consumers
are describing. If developers disregard the beta testers, then the beta testers will no longer care about giving feedback, and the 
developers will lose a lot of support from the community. This quote works very well in conjuction with quote #11, which talks about 
recognizing good ideas from your users. Adding the users to your resources can greatly affect how well your product is received.

# 14 Any tool should be useful in the expected way, but a truly great tool lends itself to uses you never expected

This is an idea that gets lost very easily in a cathedral model. Often times people with a goal of creating something tend to have a 
narrow mindset and focus solely on accomplishing what they set out to do. However, adding more functionality to a tool not only gives
it even more purpose, but also surprises the consumer who ends up using it. A tool that has a single purpose isn't exactly a fantastic 
tool. This quote is strikingly similar to the quote "A jack of all trades is a master of none, but oftentimes better than a master of one,"
which exemplifies this idea of having more than just one use. I master of one may be able to solve any problem that it is a master in, but 
when thrown something he is not a master in, he suddenly loses all integrity. Whereas the jack of all trades may not be able to solve EVERY
problem, but can cast a much wider net and appeal to a larger target audience.
