---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What I Look for When Choosing a Project
I want to work on a project that I believe I can effectively work on. That means a project that uses languages that I'm very comfortable 
with, a project in which I know the group members well, or a project that interests me. These three things will help me contribute better, 
mainly because it would make me more comfortable to contribute.

### What I Can Offer
I have experience with Java, Python, Javascript (React and Node) and HTML/CSS.

### What I Hope to Learn
I want to be able to put my coding experience and knowledge to the test. After all, real contributors are going to be reviewing our code, 
and real users may come in to contact with our fixes quite frequently. While it's not as high stress as a real job, the fact that other people
are going to be seeing our work simulates (to some extent) the high pressure environment a job can offer. What I hope to learn is how to 
appropriately handle these situations, while strengthening the knowledge I have and learning new tricks as well.

### What Worries Me
I'm always worried about the reception of my contributions or even my questions. I'm afraid of making too many "bothersome" questions and
not really being able to completely fix the issue I might want to contribute to. That being said, I'm excited to overcome this fear and 
contribute a lot to the project.

### Questions for Aurelia Moser
1. How, if at all, does the work environment of Mozilla influence the way Mozilla does Open Source? Is there a way Mozilla differs from other open source companies?

### My Contributions Made this Week
