---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

###Google Open Source Discussion

I think the Google talk was actually very interesting. I came a bit late so apparently I missed the part where she just listed out a 
high level over view of each language, but the talk in general was informative. Google's approach to open source isnt really open source 
at all, as everything is still owned by Google, which is the point of the CLA. However, it's still great that you can get exposure to 
some of Google's codebase without working directly for Google. Currently I work at J.P. Morgan as a software developer and nothing is open 
source there. Work that is done in the office can't leave the office, and the only work that can be done out of office is on virtual 
environments. This is probably the case for a lot of big companys, especially those with super confidential information. However, it's 
great that Google, despite having confidential components of its own, is allowing this form of pseudo open source. 

###Group Progress

We've hit a bit of a dead end with the issue we're currently working on. We got a response for a question we had, but it seems like 
the issue might be a bit too difficult for us to solve. We're going to keep working on it though!

I looked for a few more issues to work on and claimed an issue that I think we should be able to fix.

###Code of Conduct

Honestly, I think the code of conduct is necessary but not taken as seriously as it should. Many people won't even read it due to the 
fact that they think they'll act the right way or think it's a waste of time. However, while we all love to be nice individuals, some 
people will act in a way that will be counter productive for an open source project. Having a code of conduct makes it easy to penalize 
these people, since they agree to reading it when starting to work on a project. Zulip, our project, has a code of conduct that can be 
found [here](http://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code-of-conduct.html).
