---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### myPB.community
I'm going to be honest and say that I chose this event mainly because it was held at a really convenient time. However, once I was there it
ended up being an interesting event. The event had several stations where you could learn about "PB," or Participatory Budgeting. The stations 
ranged from a line of mason jars that you fill with popcorn kernels to simulate putting money into various aspects of a budget, to actual 
maps with data on different aspects of a community. Before the presentation even started I learned a great deal about what the event was about.

The presentation talked a lot about how myPB.community used open data to help communities get involved in participatory budgeting and how 
they tried to maintain equity in all communites. All in all, I didn't really enjoy the topics being discussed, but it was still very interesting
to learn how open data could be used in this kind of a situation.

[Picture of me at myPB Launch event]()

### NYC Open Data Week @ NYU
I found this event to be very interesting, mainly because of the choice of panel. It was really interesting to see how open data is used 
by the three different fields, academia, law, and government. The panelists talked about each of their own various definitions of what makes
open data "open". Honestly, I would've just thought of open data as data that's available to everyone, without needing special permissions 
or monetary comepensations. But the panelists made interesting points on how it should be easily readable by everyone, since if people can't
understand it, then is it truly open? It was also really interesting to hear how open data worked in conjunction with the law, and how scary
it can be to use open data in malicious ways.

[Picture of me at NYU's Open Data event]()

Both events had cookies so no complaints there!
